Guide descriptions (#1380)
temporalio/documentation: docs/application-development/index.md

---
id: index
title: Temporal Application development guide

> description: The Temporal Application development guide is meant to provide a comprehensive overview of the structures, primitives, and features used in Temporal Application development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The Temporal Application development guide provides a comprehensive overview of the structures, primitives, and features used in Temporal Application development.
```
